So we did a lot of work in this section, so what we did was to make some improvements on our movie
app, so we had something like this and would transform into into something that's more elaborate and
visually pleasing.
I hope so.
Along the way, we learned a few new topics, such as how to add to dependencies in our Gradle, this
case adding to dependency, the coil dependency, which is a library that allows us to get images from
the internet easily without having to worry about a hassle, behind getting images from the internet
and load them onto our apps.
We learn how to use it in classes that model after this case, a movie object, and we'll learn how
to structure even further our application, as well as a little bit of animation, such as what to expand
or contract certain view.
Now, hopefully, you can see the full picture how to start from nothing, right?
You just have a piece of data, very rudimentary list of just strings, and then you can and then you
put together a decent UI, decent row, as you can see here with more information and get images and
and navigate to a different screen or different compose wall passing data and so forth.
So these are literally the basis of any application you will ever create, really.
The complexity usually comes with the user interface of things that you want to include, right?
But the basics of an application is getting data and use that data to show something pleasing to the
eye and useful to your users.
OK.
And so you have those basics done at this point.
So.
So I would like you to take this application and think about other things.
You can add it to it or even branch out finding other data points, finding other data sets so that
you can create some sort of hierarchy, such as this write an application that resembles something like
this, and I'll see you next time.